README.md, before:

This is Marlin for the MP Select Mini V2. It compiles using VSCode. The Config files for the MP Select Mini V2 are allready inside the Marlin folder and pre configured. 


The Configuration expects a dedicated Partcooling fan at the controlled Fan Port on the Mainboard and the Hotend fan directly wired to the 12V Rail. Also it is configured to use the 100K thermistor - ATC Semitec 104GT-2.


Thanks to max5800 for adjusting Marlin for the MPSMv2 and for making a nice tutorial Video without that I would never have tried to update the Firmware. 

[![Video: How to flash Marlin 2 | MP Select Mini V2 Adventure](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1RUXO9SUzUI/mqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/1RUXO9SUzUI "Video: How to flash Marlin 2 | MP Select Mini V2 Adventure")

# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=bugfix-2.0.x)](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/actions)

<img align="right" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](https://marlinfw.org/).
Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Marlin 2.0

Marlin 2.0 takes this popular RepRap firmware to the next level by adding support for much faster 32-bit and ARM-based boards while improving support for 8-bit AVR boards. Read about Marlin's decision to use a "Hardware Abstraction Layer" below.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases).

## Building Marlin 2.0

To build Marlin 2.0 you'll need [Arduino IDE 1.8.8 or newer](https://www.arduino.cc/en/main/software) or [PlatformIO](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html#platformio-ide). Detailed build and install instructions are posted at:

  - [Installing Marlin (Arduino)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_arduino.html)
  - [Installing Marlin (VSCode)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_platformio_vscode.html).

### Supported Platforms

  Platform|MCU|Example Boards
  --------|---|-------
  [Arduino AVR](https://www.arduino.cc/)|ATmega|RAMPS, Melzi, RAMBo
  [Teensy++ 2.0](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB1286)|AT90USB1286|Printrboard
  [Arduino Due](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue)|SAM3X8E|RAMPS-FD, RADDS, RAMPS4DUE
  [LPC1768](http://www.nxp.com/products/microcontrollers-and-processors/arm-based-processors-and-mcus/lpc-cortex-m-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1768FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|MKS SBASE, Re-ARM, Selena Compact
  [LPC1769](https://www.nxp.com/products/processors-and-microcontrollers/arm-microcontrollers/general-purpose-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1769FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Smoothieboard, Azteeg X5 mini, TH3D EZBoard
  [STM32F103](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f103.html)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Malyan M200, GTM32 Pro, MKS Robin, BTT SKR Mini
  [STM32F401](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f401.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|ARMED, Rumba32, SKR Pro, Lerdge, FYSETC S6
  [STM32F7x6](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f7x6.html)|ARM® Cortex-M7|The Borg, RemRam V1
  [SAMD51P20A](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4064)|ARM® Cortex-M4|Adafruit Grand Central M4
  [Teensy 3.5](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy35.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|
  [Teensy 3.6](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy36.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|

## Submitting Changes

- Submit **Bug Fixes** as Pull Requests to the ([bugfix-2.0.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-2.0.x)) branch.
- Follow the [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) to gain points with the maintainers.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues).

## Marlin Support

For best results getting help with configuration and troubleshooting, please use the following resources:

- [Marlin Documentation](http://marlinfw.org) - Official Marlin documentation
- [Marlin Discord](https://discord.gg/n5NJ59y) - Discuss issues with Marlin users and developers
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1049718498464482/)
- RepRap.org [Marlin Forum](http://forums.reprap.org/list.php?415)
- [Tom's 3D Forums](https://forum.toms3d.org/)
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware for 3D Printers"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/3Dtechtalk/)
- [Marlin Configuration](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=marlin+configuration) on YouTube

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:

 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)] - USA &nbsp; [Donate](http://www.thinkyhead.com/donate-to-marlin)
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)] - USA
 - Chris Pepper [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)] - UK
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)] - USA
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)] - Netherlands &nbsp; [![Flattr Erik](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=ErikZalm&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.

Commit message:

Fans
Redefined Partcooling and Board Fans

README.md, after:

This is Marlin for the MP Select Mini V2. It compiles using VSCode. The Config files for the MP Select Mini V2 are allready inside the Marlin folder and pre configured. 


Configuration changes:

- The Hotend Fan must be directly wired to the 12 V Rail
- A dedicated Partcooling Fan can be connected to the controlled Fan Port 1 on the Mainboard (original Hotend Fan) 
- The Fan Port 2 is used (like the original) to cool the Board
- Also it is configured to use the 100K thermistor - ATC Semitec 104GT-2


Before you start printing check all outputs: Axis are moving in the right direction, Mainboard Fan turns on at Steppermovement, Partcooling Fan turns on when needed and Temperatures are correct.


Thanks to max5800 for adjusting Marlin for the MPSMv2 and for making a nice tutorial Video without that I would never have tried to update the Firmware. 

[![Video: How to flash Marlin 2 | MP Select Mini V2 Adventure](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1RUXO9SUzUI/mqdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/1RUXO9SUzUI "Video: How to flash Marlin 2 | MP Select Mini V2 Adventure")

# Marlin 3D Printer Firmware

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/marlinfirmware/marlin.svg)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=bugfix-2.0.x)](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/actions)

<img align="right" width=175 src="buildroot/share/pixmaps/logo/marlin-250.png" />

Additional documentation can be found at the [Marlin Home Page](https://marlinfw.org/).
Please test this firmware and let us know if it misbehaves in any way. Volunteers are standing by!

## Marlin 2.0

Marlin 2.0 takes this popular RepRap firmware to the next level by adding support for much faster 32-bit and ARM-based boards while improving support for 8-bit AVR boards. Read about Marlin's decision to use a "Hardware Abstraction Layer" below.

Download earlier versions of Marlin on the [Releases page](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/releases).

## Building Marlin 2.0

To build Marlin 2.0 you'll need [Arduino IDE 1.8.8 or newer](https://www.arduino.cc/en/main/software) or [PlatformIO](http://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/ide.html#platformio-ide). Detailed build and install instructions are posted at:

  - [Installing Marlin (Arduino)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_arduino.html)
  - [Installing Marlin (VSCode)](http://marlinfw.org/docs/basics/install_platformio_vscode.html).

### Supported Platforms

  Platform|MCU|Example Boards
  --------|---|-------
  [Arduino AVR](https://www.arduino.cc/)|ATmega|RAMPS, Melzi, RAMBo
  [Teensy++ 2.0](http://www.microchip.com/wwwproducts/en/AT90USB1286)|AT90USB1286|Printrboard
  [Arduino Due](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/ArduinoDue)|SAM3X8E|RAMPS-FD, RADDS, RAMPS4DUE
  [LPC1768](http://www.nxp.com/products/microcontrollers-and-processors/arm-based-processors-and-mcus/lpc-cortex-m-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1768FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|MKS SBASE, Re-ARM, Selena Compact
  [LPC1769](https://www.nxp.com/products/processors-and-microcontrollers/arm-microcontrollers/general-purpose-mcus/lpc1700-cortex-m3/512kb-flash-64kb-sram-ethernet-usb-lqfp100-package:LPC1769FBD100)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Smoothieboard, Azteeg X5 mini, TH3D EZBoard
  [STM32F103](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f103.html)|ARM® Cortex-M3|Malyan M200, GTM32 Pro, MKS Robin, BTT SKR Mini
  [STM32F401](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f401.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|ARMED, Rumba32, SKR Pro, Lerdge, FYSETC S6
  [STM32F7x6](https://www.st.com/en/microcontrollers-microprocessors/stm32f7x6.html)|ARM® Cortex-M7|The Borg, RemRam V1
  [SAMD51P20A](https://www.adafruit.com/product/4064)|ARM® Cortex-M4|Adafruit Grand Central M4
  [Teensy 3.5](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy35.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|
  [Teensy 3.6](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy36.html)|ARM® Cortex-M4|

## Submitting Changes

- Submit **Bug Fixes** as Pull Requests to the ([bugfix-2.0.x](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/tree/bugfix-2.0.x)) branch.
- Follow the [Coding Standards](http://marlinfw.org/docs/development/coding_standards.html) to gain points with the maintainers.
- Please submit your questions and concerns to the [Issue Queue](https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin/issues).

## Marlin Support

For best results getting help with configuration and troubleshooting, please use the following resources:

- [Marlin Documentation](http://marlinfw.org) - Official Marlin documentation
- [Marlin Discord](https://discord.gg/n5NJ59y) - Discuss issues with Marlin users and developers
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1049718498464482/)
- RepRap.org [Marlin Forum](http://forums.reprap.org/list.php?415)
- [Tom's 3D Forums](https://forum.toms3d.org/)
- Facebook Group ["Marlin Firmware for 3D Printers"](https://www.facebook.com/groups/3Dtechtalk/)
- [Marlin Configuration](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=marlin+configuration) on YouTube

## Credits

The current Marlin dev team consists of:

 - Scott Lahteine [[@thinkyhead](https://github.com/thinkyhead)] - USA &nbsp; [Donate](http://www.thinkyhead.com/donate-to-marlin)
 - Roxanne Neufeld [[@Roxy-3D](https://github.com/Roxy-3D)] - USA
 - Chris Pepper [[@p3p](https://github.com/p3p)] - UK
 - Bob Kuhn [[@Bob-the-Kuhn](https://github.com/Bob-the-Kuhn)] - USA
 - Erik van der Zalm [[@ErikZalm](https://github.com/ErikZalm)] - Netherlands &nbsp; [![Flattr Erik](https://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=ErikZalm&url=https://github.com/MarlinFirmware/Marlin&title=Marlin&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## License

Marlin is published under the [GPL license](/LICENSE) because we believe in open development. The GPL comes with both rights and obligations. Whether you use Marlin firmware as the driver for your open or closed-source product, you must keep Marlin open, and you must provide your compatible Marlin source code to end users upon request. The most straightforward way to comply with the Marlin license is to make a fork of Marlin on Github, perform your modifications, and direct users to your modified fork.

While we can't prevent the use of this code in products (3D printers, CNC, etc.) that are closed source or crippled by a patent, we would prefer that you choose another firmware or, better yet, make your own.
